for pests evolved we felt that he had to
go back to the very roots of the
beautiful game which is easier said than
done as it turned about the efuse
challenge so what was it that we focus
our so much where efforts on last teams
strategy
first thing we've done is durable all
our AI we did this by introducing two
new systems the first theme team style
which allows the player to fine-tune the
team set up using these eight sliders
let's see what happens if he messed
around with Blair supporting move it
towards 100 which is max and the players
will move ahead of the man in possession
when waiting for the ball move it to
zero then they'll all the back drop back
behind him
you see it set to 90 and players
overtake them and in possession to
receive the ball further upfield
tactical changes take effect immediately
and that is something we worked very
hard on
okay this time let's see what happens if
we adjust the support range push it up
to 100 and players provide person
support good if you like playing a short
passes push it towards zero and the
player spread out
receptor 10 this time it seems the
perfect length for playing long balls
but you can see it really isn't this set
up to play balls along the ground it's
always best to experiment to find your
own level first let's take a look at the
full offensive sliders cette Fleur
support I as well as support range
making short pass is more effective
position switch is frequent and
attacking style more tools using the
flank to faster or a type that likes to
play with width now on to the four
defensive one pressing high defensive
line also set high at his comp Agnes
finally defensive strategy you can
either defend in a single line across
the pitch or get players to cover each
other is required we take the former is
more barsa imagine doing this with your
team
now on to the second of the major
additions which are the cards but which
playing style cards are the most
significant while these cards give
players a unique edge it won't boost
their parameters in any way but they
certainly provide you with more tactical
options
let's see who is what Daniel Elvis has
overlapping run pretty self-explanatory
a tote chasing back as you like to
pressurize keeping from a field
Omri likes to shoot across goal inside
the 18-yard box so cut back pass
and for messy incisive run as he likes
cutting it from our wide playing style
cards can also be switched off for
tactical reasons they're about to be
times when you want your team to be
defensive okay let's take a look at
Daniel Elvis switches card on and he'd
always look to go forward great when
attacking but leaves gaping holes of the
back switch it off and you'll play more
like a conventional fall back
in press 2010 there's a huge range of
tactical cards they can give you more
control over your players or help you
out with your position get it right and
the defects can be devastating first
cards and sliders play a massive part in
getting the teams play just the way you
want it
so these are some of the ways in which
pests is evolving it gives you the
player a much greater level of control
and setting up the team we hope that
fans can find humming the tactics and
settings perfection through many hours
of play and the odd sleepless night a
rewarding experience in creating your
own winning formula